
Customer called in reported that the internet has been down since (time). Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that the internet speed is slow. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that the internet connection has an intermittent signal. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported no internet connection at all. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported frequent disconnection issues. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that the modem/router is not powering on. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that the Wi-Fi signal is weak in certain areas of the house. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported packet loss and an unstable connection. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.


Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) cannot make outgoing calls. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) cannot receive incoming calls. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) cannot make or receive calls. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) has one-way calling issues. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) has call drops during active calls. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) has poor call quality or static. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) is showing NDT (No Dial Tone). Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) has delayed dial tone. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) cannot dial specific numbers. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in reported that TN: (put TN here) cannot call emergency numbers. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in asking for the recent update of the ticket

Customer called in asking for the most recent update on the ticket. Please provide an update as soon as possible.

Customer called in requesting a status update on the existing ticket. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in following up on the ticket progress. Please contact the customer with the latest update.

Customer called in inquiring about the resolution timeline of the ticket. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in requesting confirmation if the ticket is still being worked on. Please provide an update.

Customer called in asking for an update on the escalation status of the ticket. Please reach out to the customer as soon as possible.


Customer called in requesting an update on the ticket; however, there is currently no update available. Please follow up with the ticket owner and reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in for a ticket update, but no progress has been posted yet. Please coordinate with the ticket owner and update the customer accordingly.

Customer called in asking for the latest update on the ticket; no update is reflected at this time. Please follow up internally and reach out to the customer as soon as possible.

Customer called in following up on the ticket. There is no update available as of now. Please ping the ticket owner and update the customer.

Just a quick recap: you called in and reported that the (issue) is down at the verified service address, (address). I have successfully created a ticket, and this will be handled by the appropriate team.

I apologize for the inconvenience. There is currently no update on your ticket, but I will immediately follow up with the appropriate team and ensure the ticket is being prioritized.


I apologize for the inconvenience. There is no update on your ticket at this time, but I will follow up on this and provide an update as soon as possible.


